Multiple visualisations of beats.
    Beat sheet by scenes.
    Scene headers by act/sequence. Scenes are like beats in the beat sheet by scene.
    Beats by story line.
    Dramatic question overview.

Toggle meta data on and off.
    left side
        Abbreviation for special points, like PP, MP, DSP. (Can be configured per project.)
        Color bars for story line.
    right side
        Open dramatic questions.
        Add/answer/remove dramatic question.



Conceptual thoughts about story structure elements
    A beat is some change that happens, either in the world or the knowledge of the reader.
        A beat could carry meta data, like what characters are present or what the POV is.
    A scene is a collection of beats that happens in one place in one continuous time.
    A sequence is a collection of beats that are told sequencially and have a shared topic.
    A dramatic question is a collection of beats that are ordered but not sequencial. The first beat poses a question, the last answers it. All intermediate beats either promise the answer will happen soon or give an unsatisfying answer, which both makes the reader know the real answer even more.
    Setup and Payoff is a collecion of beats, that are ordered but not sequencial. The first beat introduces a symbol or piece of knowledge. The subsequent ones are using it, each time loading more meaning onto the symbol. The last beat can use the symbol without adding to its meaning.
    A structure is a collection of sequences and is a collection of requirements that are assigned to beats based on their position in the story and relation to other beats.
        An example for a strucure is three act structure. Beats are grouped to acts (which are sequences) and given specific roles like Midpoint.
        Another example is the hero's journey.





Possible actions
    Add beat
    Remove beat
    Edit beat text
    Change beat order
    View beats
    View higher level structure by viewing scenes
        add scenes
        add scene headers
        Change which scene a beat belongs to
        Change which act a scene belongs to
        Define which beat is a midpoint
    View the structure of the story by viewing dramatic questions
        add dramatic questions
        define the role of a beat in a dramatic question
    Quickly see which dramatic questions are unanswered
    Quickly see which beats don't have a dramatic question
    View beats ordered by storyline
        Edit which storyline a beat belongs to
    save a project
    load a project


Saving and loading
    project file is one big json
    gets saved locally
    settings are saved in the project
    user gets to decide where to save and load
    automatic saving on edit
    backup on opening project file


Data structure
    beats
        text
        id
    scene
        header
        id
        list of beat ids
        list of beats with special roles, like midpoint
    act
        header
        id
        list of scene ids
        list of beats with special roles, like midpoint
    story
        list of act ids
    story line
        list of beat ids
    character
        header
        list of beat ids
    dramatic question
        header
        list of beats with special roles, like midpoint

    Everything is a node with id, text and children, where children can be named or unnamed.
